Add what-is-jupyter document (#23)
jupyter/docs-team-compass: what_is_jupyter.md

# What is Jupyter

[jupyter.org/about]: https://jupyter.org/about
[subprojects]: https://jupyter.org/governance/list_of_subprojects.html

There is a lot in the name *Jupyter*; the project, the software, the notebooks.
It is not unusual to fill confused with the many terms around "Jupyter".
But confusion is never nice so let's try to clarify them.

If you are completely new to *Jupyter*, the [`jupyter.org/about`][jupyter.org/about]
page is good reading for an overview of the **project**.
Completely open-source, the software developed by the project grew substantially

> as to be composed by many pieces; those *pieces* (Notebook, Lab, Hub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into many pieces; those *pieces* (i.e. Notebook, Lab, Hub)
```

are developed by the different Jupyter [**subprojects**][subprojects]

> Let's break "Jupyter" in its components so we can clear them apart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's review Jupyter and its components to
```

> and have a better view of the *software*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
better understand the common terms referring to the *software*.
```

## *Notebook* vs *notebook*

Let's start from the most popular concept, what most of the discussions
about *Jupyter* talk about: the "notebook".

"Notebook" has two meanings: the notebook file format -- the `.ipynb` files --,

> and the Notebook graphical user interface -- the application -- we use to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the graphical user interface -- the application -- used to create
```

our notebooks.

## *Notebook* and *Lab*

> There are two graphical user interface (software) to edit notebooks:

Reviewer: I would remove the dashes. I think we have more than 2 UIs depending on which projects are considered. Should JupyterLite be included?

Author: Good question, @willingc . I was willing to include JupyterLite, but was in doubt since it is still under development. Will discuss that tomorrow in the meeting. Thanks!
